announce announce announce .announcing 

                              celebrate liberty 
                  1993 libertarian party national convention 
                              political expo 

                    marriott hotel salt palace 
                             salt lake city utah 

                    includes information delegate deal 
                           popular demand 

 convention hold salt palace convention center 
 marriott hotel salt lake city utah   business session karl hess 
 institute political expo salt palace breakfast party 
 banquet marriott hotel 

 marriott hotel room rate $ 79.00 night plus 10.5 tax $ 87.17 total 
 rate good person room occupancy   double 
 bed 3 4 people 2 bed   reservation 
 direct hotel 801 531 0800 purchase room 
 mgp payment plan   mgp provide assistance 
 matching roommate request 


 august 30 31 sept. 1            want 
                                   know win election 
                                   know ask 

 day intensive campaign training conduct sal guzzetta 
 25 year veteran 200 campaign   student receive 990 page 
 professional campaign manual   strategy 
 target opposition research fundraising field operation 

 price            $ 150 purchase 1 1993 
                  $ 175 

 august 31 sept. 1             platform bylaws credentials 
                                   national committee meeting 

 shoot salt lake   pledge versus committee libertarian 
 majority   party membership platform definition change 
 compromise possible   platform bylaws committee 
 responsible make recommendation convention concern 
 change document   convention party 
 consider deletion platform   convention rules 
 amend 2/3 vote change rule 

 meeting open public   charge attend 


 sept. 2 5 1993 celebrate liberty begin 
                  political expo opens 

 sept. 2 1993    9 credentials committee report delegate 

                  10:30 gala opening ceremony keynote address 
                  russell means  

                  1:00 lunch break convention business continue 
                  standing order business convention 
                  rules libertarian party end 
                  document 

                  karl hess institute libertarian politics begins run 
                  tandem business session 

 sept. 3 1993    dawn early light green dragon inn morning 
                  evening karl hess institute convention 
                  business 

 sept. 4 1993    dawn early light freedom rock 93 karl hess 
                  institute convention business 

 sept. 5 1993    dawn early light convention banquet karl hess 
                  institute convention business joyful noise 



                       activity description 

 dawns early 
 light             great convention breakfast start day 
                  right feature science fiction author l. neil smith 
                  psychiatrist author dr. thomas szasz south 
                  african libertarian leader frances kendall 

 green dragon 
 inn               opening night party name famous inn 
                  sam adams crowd plot trouble 
                  british pint ale beer   music food drink 
                  comedy 

 freedom 
 rock 93          free downtown rock concert friday night drum 
                  circle comic tim slagle middle eastern dancer reggae 
                  local classic rock n roll band   widely 
                  publicize local area   major outreach opportunity 

 banquet           vivaldi mozart fine dining elegant marriott 
                  grand ballroom black tie optional   dancing follow 

 political 
 expo              exhibit vendor   free admission   event 
                  widely publicize local area maximum draw 
                  major outreach opportunity 



                 karl hess institute libertarian   politics 

          workshops speaker roundtable discussion area 

 liberty   
 generation                high school college age libertarians talk 
                          matter 20- 
                          generation 

 agenda 2000               consider key issue 1990s   environment 
                          health care   21st century economics   drug 
                          war   second amendment   social services 
                          foreign policy   crime violence   aids 

 great debate          lp strategy tactic   media   ballot access 
                          initiative   feminist issues   presidential 
                          campaigns   lp elected officials   grassroots 
                          early look 1996 presidential nomination 

 value 
 90                   community   child   abundance   home 
                          schooling   religion liberty   race 

 campus focus              organizing   academia   blue collar youth 



                  convention package description price 

 total event              activity aug. 30 sept. 5 $ 400 include 3 
                          day candidate training 

 celebration         convention activity sept. 2 5 $ 300 

 late riser                breakfast sept. 2 5 $ 250 

 thrift                    breakfast banquet $ 150 

 issue focus              karl hess institute $ 125 

 basic                     convention packet souvenir karl hess 
                          institute speaker 

 free                      political expo access convention hall 
                          keynote address joyful noise freedom rock 
                          93 free outreach speaker 

 note 
        prices increase 1 1993 
        special student price available 25 year 
          age enrol college university 

        seven month payment plan available 
          include housing request 

        add day candidate training package 
          total event add $ 150 price 

        price u.s. dollar 

        advertising available convention program exhibit 
          sponsorship available political expo   free political 
          expo admission mgp promotion draw visitor 
          surround community million people live 30 
          minute drive expo 

        special interest group organization committee cause 
          like schedule space presentation contact 

        mgp conduct drawing month give away free 
          hotel night   soon register chance 
          win 

        roommate match service available request 


 event 
 anti federalist     mgp sponsor writing contest   june 
                          submission deadline   contact mgp 
                          prospectus 

 libertarian 
 games                    friendly competition marksmanship computer 
                          programming chess maybe 

 libertarians gay 
 lesbian concerns          business meeting social night sponsor 
                          lglc 

                       event list   contact 
                          mgp detail 



                          attention college student 

 special discount available college high school student   
 work casual housing opportunity poverty caucus 
 college libertarians meet celebrate liberty discuss future 
 movement campus   contact mgp detail 



			    list speakers 
		        march 14 1993 

 dean ahmad 		 jim hudler 		 sheldon richman 
 karen allard 		 jeff hummel 		 kathleen richman 
 rick arnold 		 alexander joseph 	 dan rosenthal 
 dr. george ayittey 	 frances kendall 		 dr. mary ruwart 
 alan boch 		 martin luther king 	 dagny sharon 
 richard boddie 		 king 		 jane shaw 
 gus dizerega 		 henry lamb 		 sandy shaw 
 larry dodge 		 amy lassen 		 l. neil smith 
 dr. richard ebeling 	 scott lieberman 		 eric sterling 
 don ernsberger 		 dr. nancy lord 		 dr. richard stroup 
 bill evers 		 russell means 		 dr. thomas szasz 
 bonnie flickenger 	 vince miller 		 michael tanner 
 john fund 		 maury modine 		 sojourner truth 
 doris gordon 		 david nolan 		 yuri tuvim 
 leon hadar 		 randall o'toole 		 bob waldrop 
 patrick henry 		 james ostrowski 		 terree wasley 
 karl hess 		 dirk pearson 		 perry willis 
 dr. karl hess jr. 	 bob poole 		 richard winger 
 jacob honrberger 	 carole ann rand 		 jarret wollstein 
						 brigham young 



		   upcoming convention development 

 1st price increase convention package candidate training 
 exhibit advertising 

 new price convention package 

 total event              $ 450 
 celebration         $ 350 
 late riser               $ 275 
 thrift                   $ 175 
 issue focus             $ 150 
 basic                    $ 30 
 free                     $ 0 

 price good july 2 1993 


                           popular demand  
                        announce delegate deal 
                             available 1 1993 

        business focus   convention activity karl hess 
          institute $ 275 

 ii       delegate celebration include complete set karl hess 
          institute audio tape instead institute ticket $ 350 



                        standing order business 
                        libertarian party convention 
 
      1 order 
 
      2 credentials committee report 
 
      3 adoption agenda 
 
      4 treasurer report 
 
      5 bylaws rules committee report non nominating convention 
         
 
      6 platform committee report non presidential nominating 
         convention deletion consider 
 
      7 nomination party candidate president 
         vice president appropriate year 
 
      8 election party officers large member 
         national committee 
 
      9 election judicial committee 
 
      10 resolution 
 
      11 business 



                          question comment 

                              grumbles grins 

                           suggestion criticism 

                                      

                                 register 

                                   contact 

                        morning glory productions inc 
                                p.o. box 526175 
                           salt lake city ut   84152 
                                 801.582.3318 
                 e mail bob.waldrop@f418.n104.z1.fidonet.org 

            check payable morning glory productions inc. 
 
		       blame vote libertarian 
 disclaimer speak note copyright 1993 rich thomson 
 uucp uunet!dsd.es.com!rthomson 			 rich thomson 
 internet rthomson@dsd.es.com 	 irc rich 		 pext programmer 
